Ground truth:
Brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word for them) really are somewhat brassy.
Their alluring visual qualities are reminiscent of expensive high class TV commercials.
But unfortunately Brass pictures are feature films with the pretense of wanting to entertain viewers for over two hours!
The original tells a story of senseless love and lust in and around Venice during the Italian wars of independence.
She is an attractive, versatile, well trained Italian actress and clearly above the material.
Her wide range of facial expressions (signalling boredom, loathing, delight, fear, hate ... and ecstasy) are the best reason to watch this picture and worth two stars.
She endures this basically trashy stuff with an astonishing amount of dignity.
I wish some really good parts come along for her.
She really deserves it.


Corrected:
Brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word.)
"Why didn't you tell me," she asked, "that you were going to the conference in Chicago?"

"Why didn't you tell me," she asked, "that you were going to the conference in Chicago?"
Really, they're somewhat brassy.
. .

‘Their alluring visual qualities are reminiscent of expensive high class TV commercials,’ ae

‘But...
Unfortunately, I can't help you.
hours

Brags pictures are feature films with the pretense of wanting to entertain viewers for over two hours.
hours!
I

I'm going to the store

I'm going to the store.
the:Renaissance

"The original tells a story of senseless love and lust in and around Venice during the Renaissance.
The Italian Wars of Independence
She is an attractive, versatile, well-trained.
Italian.
Actress's and O'Leary's above.
of : thé: matetial, : 8 $ : one

Her wide range of the material, 8 $ one
Of facial expressions (signalling boredom, loathing, delight, fear, hate... and ecstasy) are the best reason to watch this picture and worth two stars.
She endures: this basically trashy "stuff" with an astonishing lack of dignity.
bp wish: some really.
She good parts 'come ey) for' be.
Really deserves.
It's raining, it's pouring.

It's raining, it's pouring.


WER: 0.8333333333333334
CER: 0.5656934306569343
WER%: 83.33333333333334
CER%: 56.56934306569343
