Ground truth:
Not even the Beatles could write songs everyone liked, and although Walter Hill is no mop-top he's second to none when it comes to thought provoking action movies.
This was one of the many ice-t movies i saw as a kid and loved, only to watch them later and cringe.
Bill Paxton and William Sadler are firemen with basic lives until a burning building tenant about to go up in flames hands over a map with gold implications.
I hand it to Walter for quickly and neatly setting up the main characters and location.
But i fault everyone involved for turning out Lame-o performances.
Ice-t and cube must have been red hot at this time, and while I've enjoyed both their careers as rappers, in my opinion they fell flat in this movie.
It's about ninety minutes of one guy ridiculously turning his back on the other guy to the point you find yourself locked in multiple states of disbelief.
Now this is a movie, its not a documentary so i wont waste my time recounting all the stupid plot twists in this movie, but there were many, and they led nowhere.
I got the feeling watching this that everyone on set was sord of confused and just playing things off the cuff.
There are two things i still enjoy about it, one involves a scene with a needle and the other is Sadler's huge 45 pistol.
Bottom line this movie is like domino's pizza.
Yeah ill eat it if I'm hungry and i don't feel like cooking, But I'm well aware it tastes like crap.
3 stars, meh.


OCR:
Not even the Beatles could write songs everyone liked, and although Walter Hill is no mop-top he's second to none when it comes to thought provoking action movies.
This was one of the many ice-t movies i saw as a kid and loved, only to watch them later and cringe.
Bill Paxton and William Sadler are firemen with basic lives until a burning building tenant about to go up in flames hands over a map with gold implications.
| hand it to Walter for quickly and neatly setting up the main characters and location.
But i fault everyone involved for turning out Lame-o performances.
ice-t and cube must have been red hot at this time, and while I've enjoyed both their careers as rappers, in my opinion they fell flat in this movie.
It's about ninety minutes of one guy ridiculously turning his back on the other guy to the point you find yourself locked in multiple states of disbelief.
Now this is a movie, its not a documentary so i wont waste my time recounting all the stupid piot twists in this movie, but there were many, and they led nowhere.
| got the feeling watching this that everyone on set was sord of confused and just playing things off the cuff.
There are two things i still enjoy about it, one involves a scene with a needle and the other is Sadler's huge 45 pistol.
Bottom line this movie is like domino's pizza.
Yeah ill eat it if 'm hungry and i don't feel like cooking, But I'm well aware it tastes like crap.
3 stars, meh.


Corrected:
Not even the Beatles could write songs everyone liked, and although Walter Hill is no mop-top, he's second to none when it comes to thought-provoking action movies.
This was one of the many ice-t movies I saw as a kid and loved, only to watch them later and cringe.
Bill Paxton and William Sadler are firemen with basic lives until a burning building tenant, about to go up in flames, hands over a map with gold implications.
Hand it to Walter for quickly and neatly setting up the main characters and location.
But I fault everyone involved for turning out lame-o performances.
Ice-T and Cube must have been red hot at this time, and while I've enjoyed both their careers as rappers, in my opinion they fell flat in this movie.
It's about ninety minutes of one guy ridiculously turning his back on the other guy, to the point you find yourself locked in multiple states of disbelief.
Now this is a movie, it's not a documentary so I won't waste my time recounting all the stupid plot twists in this movie, but there were many, and they led nowhere.
I got the feeling watching this that everyone on set was sort of confused and just playing things off the cuff.
There are two things I still enjoy about it, one involves a scene with a needle and the other is Sadler's huge 45 pistol.
Bottom line, this movie is like Domino's Pizza.
Yeah, I'll eat it if I'm hungry and I don't feel like cooking, but I'm well aware it tastes like crap.
3 stars, meh.


WER (gt vs final): 0.09293680297397769
CER (gt vs final): 0.018043025676613464
WER% (gt vs final): 9.293680297397769
CER% (gt vs final): 1.8043025676613464


WER (gt vs ocr): 0.09665427509293681
CER (gt vs ocr): 0.01179736294240111
WER (gt vs ocr): 9.66542750929368
CER (gt vs ocr): 1.179736294240111
