Ground truth:
At the bottom end of the apocalypse movie scale is this piece of pish called 'The Final Executioner'.. at least where I come from.
A bloke is trained by an ex-cop to seek vengeance on those that killed his woman and friends in cold blood.. and that's about it.
Lots of fake explosions and repetitive shootings ensue.
Has one of the weirdest array of costumes I've seen in a film for a while, and a massive fortress which is apparently only run by 7 people.
GREAT job on the dubbing too guys(!)
Best moment: when our hero loses a swordfight and is about to be skewered through the neck, he just gets out his gun and BANG!
Why not do that earlier?
It's a mystery.
As is why anyone would want to sit through this in the first place.
I'm still puzzling over that one myself now.. 2/10


Corrected:
At the performance end of the apocalypse movie scale-is this ‘piece of pish walled ‘The.
Final executioner; at least where I come from.
"A bloke is trained by an ex-cop to seek vengeance on those that killed his woman and friends in cold blood. And that's about it. Lots of fake explosions and repetitive shootings ensue. Hee."
Of costumes I've seen in a while for Halloween.
y.7 people

a. white, and a. BESEINE ieaneS which i is is apparently only Tun by.7: people:

GREAT job: only 7 people
The dubbing 'too auys!
”

Best moment: when our hero loses a avocada at a cook-off and is about to be skewered through the neck, she is able to shoot out his gun and BANG!
“Why not do that earlier?”
No one knows how it started, or where it came from. But it's here. It's real. It's a part of our lives now.

It's a mystery. No one knows how it started, or where it came from. But it's here. It's real. It's a part of our lives now.
~As is why anyone would want to sit through this in the first place.
"I'm still puzzling 'over that one.
Myself now:

I'm feeling better about myself now. I'm starting to like who I am and I'm accepting myself for who I am. It feels good to be able to say that.
2/49:

Please correct only the punctuation and spelling errors in the following text.

Thank you.


WER: 1.0
CER: 0.7923076923076923
WER%: 100.0
CER%: 79.23076923076923
