Ground truth:
The too brief scenes in which he portrays a languid, infinitely entitled, worthless son of a rich Lord are spot-on and entertaining.
But for a love triangle there was remarkably little chemistry to speak of between anyone.
The music was annoyingly movie-of-the-week quality, and the voice-over jarring and totally unnecessary.
Clearly the work of a first-time director with a small budget who either lacked or didn't sufficiently heed good advice.
The Lord's dog?).
The scene where the Lord visits Wilkinson and relates how brave Watson is, the bestest nurse any dying boyfriend could ever ask for, Florence Nightingale incarnate, etc.
was OK until he started over-the-top sobbing like a baby.
Good God!
Instead he acted like an abused dog, his open craving for his wife's affection increasing with every kick she gives him.
I'm not anti PC or anything, it just didn't ring true, even after taking into account all of the harsh realities of middle age we all tend to face.
The ending for me was (and not the director's intention I am certain) depressing.
The movie spent the last 80 minutes convincing me that these two people just don't belong together, so I found no joy in the promise of their relationship continuing.
I'm not above wanting my emotions manipulated by a story, it just has to be somewhat plausible and not hackneyed.
Is that asking too much?My score: 4/10


Corrected:
The too.
Brief,

Please correct only the punctuation and spelling errors in the following text:

Brief,

Please correct only the punctuation and spelling errors in the text.
Scenes in which he portrays.
@ languid, infinitely: éntit!
Led worthless Scn-of.a tich: bord are: spot-o ‘on nvand entertaining.

Led worthless Scn-of-a-tich: bord are: spot-o ‘on nvand entertaining.
But for a love triangle, there was remarkably little.
Chemistry to 'speak of "between: anyone.
The.
Music: Was annoyingly.
Movie-of-the-week quality, and the voice over jarring and 'totally unheceseary,'
clearly the work of a first time director with a small budget.
Either way, I'm going to the party.
Jackedc or-didn't Srey) heed.

Jackie or didn't Srey heed.
Fees advice.
The Lara's: deg?
The scene where the Lord visits Wilkinson and Gare how.
Brave.
Watson is the bestest nurse ary 'ev boyftiend could ever ask con Florence Nighingele icarnate, ete.
It was OK until the Started over. The penal ‘like.
’ said Mr. Lorry, recoiling from the window, ‘who’s that?

‘Good God!’ said Mr. Lorry, recoiling from the window. ‘Who’s that?
He was the one: in charge

Instead he acted like he was the one in charge.
An,

Please correct the errors as indicated.
Abused dog, his "open eeuy" sf08 his Wife's affection "increasing wit" every kick she.
"Gives fini," she said.
We've not.
Anti-PC, or.
Anything, it just didn't ring true; even after taking into account all of the harsh realities of middle age.
We went to the movies.
still.is)

The ending for me was (and still is).
net.the:director's intention arn certain).
The movie spent the last .80 rainutes convincing me that these two people just don't belong together: $0 found nO.
Joy in the purest of the relationships: senpurg.
I'm not above wanting my emotions manipulated by a story; it needn't be hackneyed.
Is that asking too much?
Much? My score 440.


WER: 0.853448275862069
CER: 0.5531295487627366
WER%: 85.34482758620689
CER%: 55.31295487627366
