Ground truth:
Of course,and you know this already, they begin getting killed one by one by amysterious stranger.
The cast features Carel Struycken, of "TheWitches of Eastwick" and the Addams family movies.
Sadly, hedoes not pop up until the very end of the film, and is covered inburn makeup, rendering him unrecognizable.
Steve Bond (anyoneremember him?)
is here in an early role as a victim.Brown's direction, and the script he cowrote, both smell like thepresents brown bears leave in the woods.
He pads the film withso much stock wilderness footage, I thought I accidentally rented aspecial episode of Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom.
Much of thecast sits around the campfire and eats, then walk, and sit and eatagain.
The forest ranger is involved in the strangest scene ever putin a slasher film: he tells a joke about a wide mouthed frog to ababy deer.
The killer, a forest firesurvivor looking for a mate, watches the students from behindtrees.


Corrected:
Of course, and you know.
This already: they begin getting: filled: one ‘by one: by a mysterious Stranger.
The cast features: Carel Streycken, of "The Witches of Eastwick" and "The Addams Family" movies.
Sadly, hedges.
Not pop.
Up until the very end of the film, and it is covered in burnt TS rendering. Hint.
The man was unrecognizable.

The man was unrecognizable.
Steve Bond: (anyone remember him?)
draft

As a 3 is here in an early draft.
Role 3s a victirn-Brown’s direction; and the script he dowrdte.
Both Sri and Aon like the presents (bears).
He pads the film with so much stock wildness footage, I thought I accidentally rented a special Geico commercial.
’

Much of the cast sits around the 'campfire.'
The forest ranger eats, then walks, and sits and eats again.
strangest scene ever put in a slasher film: he tells a joke about a "wide-mouthed frog.to a baby deer:

The killer, a forest fire survivor: looking for a mate; was the strangest scene ever put in a slasher film: he tells a joke about a "wide-mouthed frog. to a baby deer:
students from ehindtrees.


WER: 0.7564102564102564
CER: 0.3831376734258271
WER%: 75.64102564102564
CER%: 38.31376734258271
