Ground truth:
Uhhh ... so, did they even have writers for this?
Maybe I'm picky, but I like a little dialog with my movies.
Scene after scene, we just get actors standing around, looking forlorn and awkward, abandoned by any sense of a script.
and another rehashes an old campfire tale that doesn't even have anything to do with the plot (wait, what IS the plot?)
At other times, The Prey actually has the gall to film its characters with the boom mic just far away enough so that we can't exactly hear what they're saying.
So we get entire scenes wherein the actors are murmuring!
Deliberately!
Seriously, I've seen more dialog in a silent film.
Let's somehow pad an entire feature around it."
And ... well, they did.
To be fair, The Prey probably had some sort of writer on board.
I mean, somebody had to jot down the scene sequence and label the dailies.
However, I am fully convinced that this film did not have an editor of any kind whatsoever.
There are glaring pauses, boring tableaux, and zero sense of pacing throughout.
These critters are all filmed in straightforward, noontime daylight in a completely reserved fashion and with no attempt at atmospheric photography.
If it feels like a science film, that's because it is.
A minute-and-a-half!
That's a lot of banjoing to commit to celluloid to begin with, let alone insert into the final cut of the film!
Way to go, guys!
Vaudeville great Jackie Coogan makes a fun appearance as a tubby, bumbly park ranger (this was his last role, if you can believe it).
And there are some nice gory moments, including a splattery neck tearing and the aforementioned decapitation.
Plus, if you love wacky, straight-outta-left-field endings, you need to check out how they wrap this puppy up.
Overall, this is a largely pallid and tedious affair, and, while it ain't all bad, it should really only be seen by debilitated slasher completists.
Why do we do this to ourselves, anyway?


Corrected:
"Uhhh" »80, did they ever have writers for this?.
Maybe I'll go.
I'm picky; but I like Ike-a little. Dialog with my.
Movies.
Scene after scene, we just get actors standing around looking forlorn and awkward, abandoned by any sense of a sale.
"And another rehashes an old-Campfire tale that doesn't even have anything to do."
With the plot (wait, what is the plot?)
tell

At other times, The Prey actually has the gail to-filnvits, 'characters 'with the boom mie just-far: away enough so that.we e-cant exactly.tell
at w.hat th.ey” re s.eepin.g.
Get.
Entire scenes wherein the actors are murmuring!
Deliberately!
Seriously: I've seen more dialog in a silent film than ABBE's somehow.
Pad an entire feature around it.
And well, they did.
Wasn't all that great

To be fair, The Prey wasn't all that great.
Probably had some sort of writer on board.
"Fs mean, somebody had to jot down the scene."
not deserve the criticism. it received

‘However, I am fully convinced that this film did not deserve the criticism it received.
Not have an editor of any-kind whatsoever...
There are glaring pauses, boring tableaux, and zero sense of pacing throughout.
These critters are.
All filmed in Straightforward, Hoontime Baylight in a completely.
Tested fashion and.
With no age at: aiviosphetie hooray.
A minute and-a-half feels like a lot of banjoing to have to beain a let.
boy who is transformed into a vaudeville star by his zany parents.

‘Way to go, guys!’ said Bos as he inserted the final reel of film into the projector.
Pare tanger.
3)

The Tig. 3 is a great car.

The Tig. 3 is a great car.
W was his ‘ast ae f you cay believe ith.
up, bonkers gore- then this is the movie for you

And there are some nice gory moments, including splattery necks, tearing and the aforementioned decapitation... Plus, if you love wacky, straight-up, bonkers gore, then this is the movie for you.
Out at Lette Field endings, you need to "check out."
How they,
Puppy-up:

Overall, this is largely pallid and tedious affair, and while it
Ain't all.
Bad; it auld really.
All right, I'll do it.
‘Why can’t I be seen? By GIST slasher complet.’
Aoe we.
For this to ourselves: "Care!"
The quick brown fox, jumps over the lazy dog

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.


WER: 0.6796407185628742
CER: 0.4087820177731312
WER%: 67.96407185628742
CER%: 40.87820177731312
