Ground truth:
Oh yeah, this one is definitely a strong contender to win the questionable award of "worst 80's slasher ever made".
and two occasions where characters tell dillydally jokes that aren't even remotely funny!
The set-up is as rudimentary as it gets, with the intro showing images of a devastating forest fire with OTT voice-over human screams.
Fast forward nearly forty years later, when an elderly couple out camping in that same area get axe-whacked by something that breathes heavily off-screen.
This ought to be enough information for you to derive that someone survived the fire all these years ago and remained prowling around ever since.
"The Prey" is an irredeemable boring film.
Apparently it was shot in 1978 already, but nobody wanted to distribute it up until 1984 and it isn't too hard to see why.
In case you would filter out all the content that is actually relevant, this would only be a short movie with a running time of 30 minutes; possibly even less.
There's an unimaginably large of nature and wildlife footage, sometimes of animals that I think don't even live in that type of area, and they seem to go on forever.
The only thing missing, in fact, is the typical National Geographic narration providing educational information regarding the animals' habits.
Animals in their own natural biotope are undeniably nice to look at, but not in a supposedly vile and cheesy 80's slasher movie, for crying out loud.


Corrected:
Oh, yeah; this one's definitely a strong.
Contender to win the questionable 'award of "worst 80's slasher.
"This is the best sandwich I've ever made".
On two occasions, where characters are speaking, and.two have said "and two" instead of "two".
Tell me a story.

Tell me a story.
funny

Dilly-dally jokes that aren't even funny.
Remotely funny!
The set-up is as follows.
Rudimentary as it gets, with the intro showing images of a devastating forest fire with an Ott voice-over.
lnirane scréanis.
Fast forward, neatly.
Forty.
Years later, when an elderly woman, she would remember that day.
A couple cut camping in.
That same aréa ‘get axe-whacked by something that breathes heavily off soreen.
This ought to be enough information for you to see that someone sanitized the fire all these years ago.
movie, and it remained ee around ever-since.

"The Prey" is an itfedeemable boring.movie, and it remained ee around ever-since.
I recently saw a film, "I Really Hate My Job."

Apparently, I recently saw a film, "I Really Hate My Job."
It was.
Shot in 1978 already, but nobody wanted to distribute it up until 1984 and it isn't too hard to see why. In case.
You would filter out all the content that is actually relevant; this.
"Would only, be:a short movie-with:a running time of 30 minutes; possibly even Jless::."

"Would only be a short movie with a running time of 30 minutes; possibly even less."
There's an unimaginably-large amount of nature-and.
Wildlife footage; sometimes of animals.
that [think don't even live:i in'that 'type of area,-and.
They're going to the store.

They're going to the store.
seem to goon aeey, we-

The seem to goon aeey, we
way, but in a way reflecting the animal’s true nature.”

"Animals in their natural biotope are undeniably nice to look at, not in a supposedly vile and cheesy way, but in a way reflecting the animal's true nature."
80's slasher movie; for crying out loud!


WER: 0.743801652892562
CER: 0.49228611500701264
WER%: 74.3801652892562
CER%: 49.22861150070126
